Add package readme that shows on NuGet.org (#1192)
SteeltoeOSS/Steeltoe: PackageReadme.md

Features include:
- Management endpoints ([actuators](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/actuator.html)), providing system info, heap/thread dumps, health checks, and changing log levels at runtime
- Connectivity to databases ([SQL Server](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sql-server)/[Azure SQL](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/azure-sql), [Cosmos DB](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/cosmos-db/), [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/), [Redis](https://redis.io/), [RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com/), [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/), and [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/)), including support for [Entity Framework Core](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/)
- Distributed tracing and metrics exporters for [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) and [Wavefront](https://docs.wavefront.com/tracing_basics.html)

> - Service discovery with [Eureka](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/spring_boot/spring_boot_eureka_server.htm) and [Consul](https://www.consul.io/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Service discovery with [Eureka](https://spring.io/projects/spring-cloud-netflix) and [HashiCorp Consul](https://www.consul.io/)
```

> - External (encrypted) configuration using [Spring Config Server](https://docs.spring.io/spring-cloud-config/docs/current/reference/html/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- External (encrypted) configuration using [Spring Cloud Config Server](https://docs.spring.io/spring-cloud-config/docs/current/reference/html/)
```
